Regions Contacted on Multi Region Diagnostics Fix (#41045)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Breaking Changes

#### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed an issue where `contactedRegions` shows the wrong region in a multi region account if no preferred regions are specified. - See [PR 41107]()

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `contactedRegions` shows the wrong region in a multi region account if no preferred regions are specified. - See [PR 41045](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41045/files)
```

> * Fixed an issue where `contactedRegions` shows the wrong region in a multi region account if no preferred regions are specified. - See [PR 41045](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41045/files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `contactedRegions` shows the wrong region in a multi region account if no preferred regions are specified. - See [PR 41045](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41045)
```
